hi Aaron hi mom's meeting me here for
coffee she says she has a surprise for
me what do you think it is I don't know
but mom says I'll like it hi mom so
what's the surprise you can't wait can
you
no okay we're going to take a trip to
Europe sure I always wanted to travel to
Europe I know when are we going where
are we going how long can we stay we'll
go during your Christmas vacation we'll
stay about a week but where will we go
dad says you and I can decide Wow
let's go to Paris Rome London wait a
minute
we'll only have a week for sightseeing
that's right you can't see all the
famous places in one week so we should
choose one place yes okay hmm what do I
want to see in Europe Paris is famous
for great art museums London also has
some great museums and we can speak
English there so how are we going to
decide why don't you look on the
computer good idea let's see which
cities have things we really want to see
there are so many places to go in Europe
let's just choose two cities and decide
between them that would be easier we can
each choose one where do you want to go
Paris I think why I want to go to Paris
to see the Louvre what about you amber I
want to go to London there are lots of
attractions there oh you'll decide
between Paris and London right there are
some cool castles in London I know those
would be fun to see
so let's go to London but I would love
to see the Eiffel Tower in Paris too
which city is easier to get around both
cities have subways that would be the
best way to travel around this isn't
going to be an easy decision Paris and
London both have interesting attractions
and delicious food and cool storms and
they're both expensive you can't choose
the cheaper place how are we going to
decide well let's go home and talk to
dad right well just have to tell him
tell him what tell him we need a longer
vacation hi honey
what did the doctor say Mia you look
like you're in shock is it something
serious the doctor said I'm not sick
then why have you been so sick to your
stomach Jeff your dream has come true
we're going to have a baby what I'm
pregnant
really are you sure yes the doctor said
I'm already five weeks pregnant Wow
we're going to be parents we already are
parents I know yeah I know this isn't
what you wanted right now I do want this
this is wonderful
but it's really a surprise isn't it
we didn't plan to have children for two
more years right
I love my job I don't feel ready to give
it up to be a mom ah we always said
you'd stop working we had kids but if
you don't Jeff yes I will stop working
at the newspaper when we have the baby
are you sure yes this is hard and I may
not feel ready for it but I know that
every life is a gift even one that
wasn't planned so I'll be the best mom I
can be I know you will that's why I love
you Mia this is such wonderful news I
can't wait till your baby's born when is
the baby due in June when can you find
out if it's a boy or a girl probably in
January I hope it's a girl
daughters are great well I'm really
happy for you too thanks Mia this is
exciting but I thought you wanted to
wait longer before you have children we
did I really enjoy my job but life
doesn't always go the way we plan that's
true I'm worried about how my boss will
react he might not understand why I want
to stay home with the baby well I think
it's great that you want to you'll be
wonderful parents thank you
honey you amaze me I do yes you work so
hard to become an editor but you're
willing to give it up for our family
well you amaze me too really yes
you've wanted a baby for so long but all
day you've thought of me first thank you
you're welcome
I love you and I love you little baby I
love both of you - but Jeff are you sure
I can't have any coffee baby what do you
think
thanks for lunch Kara Oh No thank you
Liz
my music store has really turned the
corner really that's great news I'm so
thankful for all your help you're
welcome I'm really happy for you my
dream is finally coming true I have my
own business and it's profitable it's
also good that you like what you do
that's true I love my music store it
must be fun to do something you love it
is don't you like working at the Stop
and Shop
it's not bad but it's not easy I always
have to compare prices with other stores
oh I know what you mean every month I'm
figuring out what our prices should be
right you're always asking yourself our
price is too high what would happen if
prices were lower right it's not fun and
it's hard to compete with large discount
stores it is I wish I could just have a
nice little store with no problems
I don't like worrying about being
profitable every month that's business
but it's also exciting right it has been
but I've thought about doing something
else really what would you like to do
managing the stop and shop isn't an
adventure but managing profit and loss
margins every month can be exciting you
can really think so
I have to admit Liz I like business
really I like it almost as much as I
like music wow that's great so what are
you going to do oh nothing
the stop and shop might not be exciting
but it's a good biz
this besides what else would I do
I don't know what do you like I like
adventure
I loved Brazil well business is an
adventure maybe one month is it Devon
like The Adventure is trying to do
better the next month
right right some months I just break
even but even that's fun because i know
i did lose money you're right it is an
adventure doing business can be fun are
you two girls doing well we're fine what
about you Becca how are your profit
margins
how are my profit margins actually the
net cafe has been doing really well
that's wonderful
in fact the people at headquarters might
want me to work there Wow yeah it would
be an adventure that's business a fun
adventure
what are all these things on the floor
there are things to recycle I clean the
apartment this afternoon and now I'm
tired I can't stop yawning why don't you
take a nap before dinner I think I will
can you be quiet
of course I can be very quiet
I won't even turn on the TV okay thanks
I think I'll sleep for about two hours
do you want me to wake you up
sure thanks in two hours that'll be five
o'clock that's fine
sleep well Thanks I'll just to read a
book hey Aaron Shh
what Becca's asleep oh I wanted to ask
you to play catch catch no thanks here's
your ball catch oh I don't think Becca
is sleeping now I thought you were going
to be quiet
I'm sorry Becca me too go back to sleep
we'll be really quiet now I can't not
sleepy now well you did ask me to wake
you up I know but I wanted to sleep
longer than 20 minutes
girls thanks for these baby clothes
they're really cute you're welcome
I can't wait to see the baby I can't
either but we have to wait seven more
months that's a good thing we need time
to get ready what will you name the baby
I don't know Jeff and I need to talk
about it do you have any ideas honey not
yet I like the name John but it's too
common I want a special name for our
baby do you like the name Aidan Aidan
that's a nice name but there are too
many ways to spell it you couldn't name
the baby after Mia's brother David do
you like that idea I don't know what
girls names do you like we think her
middle name should be Mia oh good idea I
like my name but its meaning isn't very
special it just means my that's right
your Mia Mia haha but Joffrey is a good
middle name for a boy okay let's talk
about your daughter's first name we like
Ava barrel or svet Lana it was a nice
name and it's a popular name for girls
named Lilly but I don't want a popular
name oh right then what about Svetlana
yes
Svetlana is hard to say okay what about
Beryl the name barrel means jewel isn't
that a nice meaning we'll think about
these names then we'll let you know
thanks again girls
see you later bye aren't they cute
klaren amber really want to help us so
what do you think honey well I was
thinking how about the name pebbles for
a girl it's from my favorite cartoon uh
Jeff let's find a name that's not common
or strange hey Erin look what I found in
my mailbox yesterday you got a postcard
from Greg and Liz - that's right
Liz told me a lot about Brazil it looks
like a cool place what looks like a cool
place Brazil it does I received a
postcard from Greg and Liz today
look yours just arrived - well it is a
long way from Brazil to Tampa anything
else come in the mail today sis a
package for me I bought some clothes
from a catalog cool let me see
Erin you got something in the mail -
what a big envelope from Dexter College
oh it's just junk mail give it to me I
don't think it's junk mail why not
because it says congratulations on the
envelope that doesn't mean anything and
they sent it first class so Erin are you
going to college next September No
then why did Dexter College send you
this because I might go there in January
I'm wearing a t-shirt
jeez I'm wearing a t-shirt and jeans
okay L wear wearing
don't say we're all do and say wow I
don't see where where where this is
earth where we're wearing what are you
wearing I'm wearing a t-shirt in jeans
okay now number two what is your brother
wearing this number two we usually use
when we go to some place to pick someone
up for example like I go to the airport
to pick some of my friends or my
relatives and then I don't know what
that person is wearing so I have to ask
okay what is your brother wearing what
is your brother wearing what is your
sister wearing what is your friend
wearing okay
he's he's wearing I am and he is he's
okay he's wearing a shirt and pants he's
wearing a shirt and pants how many how
don't say ho okay this is this is okay
how many don't say how many okay how
many how many jackets after how many we
use now but the now in floral form
Buller from that means with s here okay
if you say how many jacket but it's not
correct in terms of grammar you have to
say how many jackets okay how many check
is it do
you have how many checkers do you have I
have three remember three tell me to
your keys 48:33 jackets if you just have
one check it you don't have to add s
here you just say one jacket but if you
have one two three four five you have to
say check it's okay I have three
checkers number four how many pairs of
shorts does your mom have how many pairs
up
okay mrs. so you say pair so how many
pairs of shorts that does your mom have
in one situation we used pure earth okay
for the things that are in two things
together like maybe classes you know
classes or earrings or maybe like these
shorts
okay shorts jeans and pants two things
together so we have to say shorts jeans
pants or classes or earrings okay or
maybe shoes so in that situation is you
have to use pair earth okay
how many pairs up okay remember
so how many we have to use the plural
form
so pairs up how many pairs of shorts
does your mom have remember I use you
here's I say do you but my mum my mum
okay mum is the singular form the
singular now we have to use this okay
dos how many pairs of shorts
does your mom have she has okay I have
that she or he or my mom
Hoss remember that she has fine fine
remember boo she has five pairs of pairs
of shorts
she has five pairs of shorts
she has five pairs of shorts okay so one
more time what are you wearing I'm
wearing a t-shirt and jeans what is your
brother wearing he's wearing a shirt in
pants or in the situation jeans or
parents you can also say I'm wearing a
t-shirt and a pair of jeans okay but no
as a pair of jeans he's wearing a shirt
and a pair of pants okay now how many
jackets do you have I have three jackets
how many pairs of shorts does your mom
have she has five pairs of shorts one
more time what are you wearing I'm
wearing a t-shirt and jeans what is your
brother wearing he's wearing a shirt
enhance how many check is do you have I
have three checkers how many pairs of
shorts this your mom has she has she has
five pairs of shorts
she has five pairs of shorts do you like
wearing jumpsuits do you like wearing
jumpsuits or do you like wearing
overalls do you like wearing crop tops
okay
if it is sure you say yes I do link them
together yes I do I use
we're jumpsuits when I go out yes I do I
usually wear jumpsuits
when I go out or when I hang out with
friends or anything okay any reason or
if that is not courageous if you don't
like it you could say no I don't I don't
really like jumpsuits now I don't I
don't really like jumpsuits they are in
short form of they are we write them
like this and then we pronounce them
they're there okay now they are there
they are inconvenient inconvenient okay
inconvenient that we not convenient okay
no I don't I don't really like jumpsuits
they are inconvenient what do you
usually wear when you at work I always
wear uniform when I'm on the I'm at work
like when you go to work what do you
usually wear I always wear uniform when
I'm at work is it spam hosiery come if
you say compulsory compulsory that means
you have to do it because it's the room
okay it's the route the route of the
company and then you have to wear the
uniform so it's compulsory okay I always
wear uniform when I'm at work is
compulsory what do you enjoy wearing
when you're at home I enjoy up to enjoy
we have to add in up to the verb okay so
you cannot say I what do you what do you
enjoy where you have to say what do you
enjoy wearing what do you enjoy wearing
when urine when you're at home remember
you are you are like this if in short
form you have to say you're just like
what's your name okay your your I enjoy
wearing pajamas because they are there
they are comfortable comfortable I enjoy
wearing pajamas because they are
comfortable what are you gonna wear go
into in Shoreham you can say Ghana
okay Ghana what are you gonna wear to
the wedding party what are you gonna
wear to the wedding party I'm gonna wear
or I'm going to wear an evening gown I'm
gonna wear an evening gown now on what
time do you like wearing jumpsuits yes I
do I usually wear jumpsuit when I go out
no I don't I don't really like jumpsuits
they are inconvenient what do you
usually wear when you're at work I
always wear uniform when I'm at work is
compulsory why do you enjoy wearing when
you're at home I enjoy wearing pajamas
speakers they're comfortable what are
you gonna wear to the wedding party I'm
gonna wear an evening gown okay this is
e now or later you have to say and not o
not a evening cow you have to say an
evening gown okay so that's all for
today thanks goodbye see ya